13.	Numerous – a lot 
a.	In addition, novel coronavirus infections have been confirmed in numerous travelers in the United States and a growing list of countries internationally.

12.	Shut down (closed, closures) – stopping the operation or activity of a business, machine, etc. for a period of time or forever 

11.	Lockdown - a situation in which people are not allowed to enter or leave a building or area freely because of an emergency

10.	Outbreak – a sudden start or increase of disease or fighting  

9.	Precaution – something that is done to prevent possible harm or trouble from happening in the future (precautionary)

8.	Case – an instance of disease; a particular situation (a sad case of injustice) 

7.	Epidemic - an occurrence in which a disease spreads very quickly and affects a large number of people

6.	Pandemic – (noun) an occurrence in which a disease spreads very quickly and affects a large number of people over a wide area or throughout the world; 

2.	Stock up – to get a large amount of something for later use (stock up on something)

3.	Stockpile- (noun) a large supply of something that is kept for future use; stockpile- (verb) to get and keep a large supply of something for future use 

4.	Hoard – to collect and hide a large amount of something; hoard – (noun) a supply stored up and hidden away (a hoard of something – a lot of) 

1. discretionary travel = nonessential travel

=========
Kerry, 9:35 PM
Review shit expressions 

Kerry, 9:35 PM
- drunk = shitfaced 

Kerry, 9:35 PM
(adjective) 

Kerry, 9:36 PM
- bad = shitty 

Kerry, 9:37 PM
- to feel bad - to feel like shit 

Kerry, 9:37 PM
- cool = the shit 

Kerry, 9:37 PM
That's the shit. 

Kerry, 9:37 PM
That's duh shit 

Kerry, 9:38 PM
(slang)

Kerry, 9:38 PM
the bomb - cool 

Kerry, 9:38 PM
That's the bomb. 

Kerry, 9:38 PM
That's duh bomb. 

Kerry, 9:38 PM
(da)

Kerry, 9:39 PM
in a lot of trouble - in deep shit 

Kerry, 9:40 PM
ugly/dirty place - shithole 

Kerry, 9:41 PM
I ate a shitload of cake. 

Kerry, 9:42 PM
to talk badly about someone - to talk shit about someone 

Kerry, 9:42 PM
for fun. for a laugh - shits and giggles 

Kerry, 9:43 PM
Why did you pull my hair? --- I did it for shits and giggles.
============

SHIT 

1.	The shit 
a.	That is the shit!
b.	She thinks she is the shit. 
the shit = very good/cool

2.	Feel like shit - to feel really bad 
a.	I feel like shit after eating fish tacos and 4 cupcakes. 

3.	Shitty - very bad 
a.	Today is a shitty day. I lost my phone and failed the math test. 
The roads in Germany are the shit! (really good)

4.	Scared shitless
a.	When that guy got on the metro with an ax I was scared shitless! 
b.	This movie will scare you shitless.

5.	To scare the shit out of someone
a.	You scared the shit out of me! I can’t believe you snuck up behind me and made a loud noise.  
sneak - snuck - snuck 

6.	Shit hit the fan 
= a really bad situation 
The shit will hit the fan when he finds out that we totaled his car. 
a.	Oh no! The shit just hit the fan! 
b.	Shit is going to hit the fan soon. Let’s get out of here. 
c.	When shit hits the fan in America, we are moving to Canada! 
d.	Shit really hit the fan when two of the top administrators left the company. 

7.	To be in deep shit
- to be in a lot of trouble 

8.	Shitfaced 
a.	He got so shitfaced at the bar last night. He couldn’t even walk to the car. 
b.	I hate when my friends get shitfaced because then I have to babysit them. 

9.	Shithole – a place where someone lives (small, dirty, gross) 
a.	He lived in a shithole (apartment) the first year he was in France. When he got a better job he quickly moved out. 

10.	To shit someone 
- to joke with someone, not tell the truth 

a.	Stop shitting on me! 
b.	The boss praises all the other employees but shits on me every day! 

11.	To shit on someone – show disrespect, be rude/mean
a.	Stop shitting on me! 
b.	The boss praises all the other employees but shits on me every day!

12.	To talk shit 
- to say bad things about someone/something 

13.	Shitload of something - a lot of something
a.	I have a shitload of work to do. 
b.	He has a shitload of bills that need to be paid soon. 
c.	There’s a shitload of people in New York. 
d.	There’s a shitload of corrupt politicians. 

14.	Shitload of something – a lot 
a.	I have a shitload of work to do. 
b.	He has a shitload of bills that need to be paid soon. 
c.	There’s a shitload of people in New York. 
d.	There’s a shitload of corrupt politicians. 

15.	Shits and giggles – for fun, for a laugh
a.	He keeps playing practical jokes on his coworkers for shits and giggles. 
b.	I did it for the shits and giggles. 

16.	To shit bricks – to be very scared, worried or nervous 
a.	You are going to shit bricks when you watch that movie. 
b.	He shat bricks before the taking the test.  

17.	Bullshit (B.S.) – lies or exaggeration  
a.	What she said is bullshit/B.S.
b.	He bullshitted his way through the interview. 

18.	To be full of shit
a.	She is full of shit! Don’t believe anything she says. 

19.	To not give a shit – to really not care about something 
a.	I don’t give a shit about the new Taylor Swift song. 
b.	I don’t give two shits!
c.	He doesn’t give two shits about getting there on time. 

20.	Kick the living shit out of someone– to beat someone up badly 
a.	He will kick the living shit out of you if you do that. 
b.	He got the living shit kicked out of him for stealing from his friend.

==============

