1. discretionary travel = nonessential travel
2.	Stock up – to get a large amount of something for later use (stock up on something)
3.	Stockpile- (noun) a large supply of something that is kept for future use; stockpile- (verb) to get and keep a large supply of something for future use 
4.	Hoard – to collect and hide a large amount of something; hoard – (noun) a supply stored up and hidden away (a hoard of something – a lot of) 
6.	Pandemic – (noun) an occurrence in which a disease spreads very quickly and affects a large number of people over a wide area or throughout the world; 
7.	Epidemic - an occurrence in which a disease spreads very quickly and affects a large number of people
8.	Case – an instance of disease; a particular situation (a sad case of injustice) 
9.	Precaution – something that is done to prevent possible harm or trouble from happening in the future (precautionary)
10.	Outbreak – a sudden start or increase of disease or fighting  
11.	Lockdown - a situation in which people are not allowed to enter or leave a building or area freely because of an emergency
12.	Shut down (closed, closures) – stopping the operation or activity of a business, machine, etc. for a period of time or forever 
13.	Numerous – a lot 
a.	In addition, novel coronavirus infections have been confirmed in numerous travelers in the United States and a growing list of countries internationally.


1.	Discretionary – available to be used when and how you decide, your choice/optional 
a.	The guidelines describe “discretionary travel” as shopping trips and social visits, but in these times of high anxiety, what qualifies as discretionary (or “nonessential,” in the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s literature) isn’t necessarily cut and dried. The fact that “discretionary travel” was among the most-searched terms on Google on Monday is testament to that.
b.	The commission has discretionary power to award extra funds. 

2.	Stock up – to get a large amount of something for later use (stock up on something)
a.	Every day, for weeks now, you’ve turned to Target to stock up on supplies as you cope with the impact of the coronavirus. As we all continue to adapt to the country’s fast-changing needs, we want to make sure we’re doing everything we can to keep our stores open and support our team.
to cope = to deal with and try to find solutions for problems
b.	"It's better to be prepared than to not be prepared," Ken said. "I already stocked up on food. Ammo was just the next step."
ammo = bullets 

3.	Stockpile- (noun) a large supply of something that is kept for future use; stock pile- (verb) to get and keep a large supply of something for future use 
Many people around the world have been racing to stores to stock pile goods like toilet paper and pasta as coronavirus (aka COVID-19) cases continue to rise.
aka = also known as 

4.	Hoard – to collect and hide a large amount of something; hoard – (noun) a supply stored up and hidden away
a.	There are many people who don't want to deal with hoards of shoppers in stores. 
(a lot of shoppers) 
- hoards of something- 
b.	He had a hoard of cash hidden in the apartment. 
c.	Trump urges no hoarding as coronavirus panic strains grocery stores
strains grocery stores = makes things diffiult in grocery stores 

14.	Social distancing 
a.	By now, you've heard the advice that to slow the spread of coronavirus in the U.S., we need to practice social distancing. But if you're confused as to what that looks like in practice, we've got some answers. On Monday, the White House announced new guidelines for the next two weeks, urging Americans to avoid gathering in groups of more than 10 people, to avoid discretionary travel, shopping trips, or social visits, and not to go out to restaurants or bars.

18.	Free up – make available; to release, as from restrictions 
a.	If it's a nonessential visit to a doctor or dentist, reschedule it, Birx said Tuesday during a White House press conference. "Things that don't need to be done over the next two weeks, don't get it done. If you're a person with an elective surgery, you don't want to go into a hospital right now." She urged people to "be responsible" to free up hospital beds and space.
to urge someone to do something 
b.	Congress voted to free up funds for the new highway system. 

26.	Hunker down – to stay in a place for a period of time 
a.	Americans as a whole “should be prepared that they’re going to have to hunker down significantly more than we as a country are doing” in order to stop the spread of covid-19, said Dr. Anthony Fauci, the director of National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease.
b.	The leaders hunkered down at a country estate for difficult peace negotiations. 

